Address Laura's review (#28)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-graphql-client: README.adoc

== What you'll learn

> GraphQL is an open source data query language. You can use a GraphQL service to obtain data from multiple sources, such as APIs, databases, and other services. GraphQL services require less data fetching than REST services, which results in faster application load times and lower data transfer costs. This guide assumes you have a basic understanding of https://openliberty.io/docs/latest/microprofile-graphql.html[GraphQL concepts^]. If you're new to GraphQL, you might want to start with the https://openliberty.io/guides/microprofile-graphql.html[Optimizing REST queries for microservices with GraphQL^] guide first.

Reviewer: Yes, that explains it better I think. How about adding back in a little about the single request like this (does it make technical sense still?):

```suggestion
GraphQL is an open source data query language. You can use a GraphQL service to obtain data from multiple sources, such as APIs, databases, and other services, by sending a single request to a GraphQL service. GraphQL services require less data fetching than REST services, which results in faster application load times and lower data transfer costs. This guide assumes you have a basic understanding of https://openliberty.io/docs/latest/microprofile-graphql.html[GraphQL concepts^]. If you're new to GraphQL, you might want to start with the https://openliberty.io/guides/microprofile-graphql.html[Optimizing REST queries for microservices with GraphQL^] guide first.
```

=== Try the query operations

> From the OpenAPI UI, test the read operation at the `GET /query/system/{hostname}` endpoint. This request retrieves the system properties for the `hostname` specified. The response is similar to the following example when the `hostname` is specified to `system-java8`, but you can try out the operations using the hostname `system-java11` as well:

Reviewer: If I'm understanding the intended meaning here, I think this might be better worded as:

```suggestion
From the OpenAPI UI, test the read operation at the `GET /query/system/{hostname}` endpoint. This request retrieves the system properties for the `hostname` specified. The following example shows what happens when the `hostname` is set to `system-java8`, but you can try out the operations using the hostname `system-java11` as well:
```

If you agree that this makes sense and there are similar sentences elsewhere in the guide (I can't remember), can you update them too?

ifndef::cloud-hosted[]

> You can retrieve the information about the resource usage of any number of system services at the `GET /query/systemLoad/{hostnames}` endpoint. When the `hostnames` are specified to `system-java8,system-java11`, the response is similar to the following example:

Reviewer: See previous comment regarding specified vs set, and the phrasing of the sentence that leads in to the example. There may be other instances so can you check.

The [hotspot=testcontainers file=2]`@Testcontainers` annotation finds all fields that are annotated with the [hotspot=container file=2]`@Container` annotation and calls their container lifecycle methods. The `static` function declaration on each container indicates that this container will be started only once before any test method is executed and stopped after the last test method is executed.

> The [hotspot=testGetSystem file=2]`testGetSystem()` verifies the `/query/system/{hostname}` endpoint with `hostname` specified as `system-java8`.

Reviewer: See prev comment about specified vs set and the wording of the lead-in to the example.

> The [hotspot=testGetSystemLoad file=2]`testGetSystemLoad()` verifies the `/query/systemLoad/{hostnames}` endpoint with `hostnames` specified as `system-java8`.

Reviewer: As above.
